play and tell me that it was rescued in
pole as welcome but the job in the
our channel and in fact that does not
someone award the first video tutorial
here on the channel and this time I'm going to teach
You solve the problem of who's there.
bought bastons in the Russian version is not
which unfortunately bought sb3 mission
Russian woman knows that every time a
new game collection you need to stay
updating the game with translation and
some other species of some
files of a ticket for him not
that problem both in the translation to
You have to play the game you use so much to
that black screen problem that you
enters the game and only that screen
black nothing happens then
beauty today I'll teach you to
fix did not fix this problem
the first step you will have to
You will have to access this
page here I will not leave the link to
you inscription I'm going to shorten it is
course is also great here is going
stay ugly year subscription
so when I put it, put it all
while you're beautiful, but you can
Are you going to stay in this folder?
here the mega in the megane is beta which is the
my dear megaupload.com is back and
To download you have to
Can you forget to click here?
do you agree with the themes of the god of
mega it still today since it
You downloaded this pass, she'll see.
that with this name bf3 the plate mars is
trait n which means that the translation
to English Beauty
in my case it was like everything was already
updated but everything was up to date
with the last translation and the last
files on the internet what I did
I updated the game with update that the
What time did he release and after that I
I saw it here and I copied this pass the ppi let
into this folder that is in the
path may be that the computers
You have a different net path.
different path but here in the
My computer and I decided to install it on
standard and ended up staying here c
program files right the program file
in Portuguese
x86 bar hours of games bar bellfield
3 beauty done here in the folder is just copy
this passes the ppi date here in and
Goodbye, your problem is already going
be resolved to whoever has
small black screen and voucher screen
black or the translation program
If it does not work, you'll have to come.
here in this folder that bf3 mars the plate and
copy these two files here to
inside this folder before copying this
file here from the ppi folder of ti and it is
very simple people this is it
video so it was pretty short it was only for
even teach because I took a while
that it was difficult to find either
files to be able to update my
It's good to be able to play again and I hope
Did you like this tip?
I like this find and I hope that you
Enjoy the tip and it will be as you said it was.
a very short video I think I
nor three minutes right
I hope you liked it then
of the video you liked this idea leaves
I'll leave the joinha to know that the
My tutorial was useful for you if you
They did not like it, that's just a more
Say why you did not like it if it's bad.
because it 's the first time I do
tutorial then you saw how it is, people
So, beauty, I hope it's useful for you.
I hope to see you there playing a lot.
bf3 there in this new Delhi that came out
beauty was talked about and I went